
Håkansson and Snehota states that the basic assumption about the environment is that it is faceless, atomistic, and beyond the control of the individual firm. Opportunities in the environment cannot be created or enacted, rather they can be exploited so that a firm adapts to its environment. In many cases of industrial networks many actors are unknown to others; each company has a limited number of identifiable actors. While the environment is hard to influence, each firm can to some degree choose its environment.
To survive in the environment a firm have to adapt to the ecosystem of actors, and to the market. Moore (1996) states that single actions without an ecosystem are ineffective. A firm has to do competitive cooperation and systems thinking. Co-evolution in coexistence is the result of ongoing interactions in the network environment, and lack of sufficient co-production and innovation results in demise of companies in the environment.
Moore’s (1996) ecosystem, and Håkansson and Snehota’s (1989) concept of environment can be compared. The development we can see is that Moore talks about an ecosystem as a place where companies strive to survive, where Håkansson and Snehota uses the concept of environment as the set of interactions and entities that always influence the other actors. In some ways the environment and the ecosystem are the same thing, Ritter et al. (2004) sees this as a self-organizing systems, which is the context management of industrial networks will be discussed here.
In a network all participants are continuously affected by the influence of the other contributors. Ritter et al. (2004) suggests the ongoing management of the network is a simultaneous process where all firms partake, and that the performance and structure is the coproduce of managerial actions of the network. Further we see that business networks generally don’t have a controlling firm, but are widely regarded as self-organizing systems. In these systems order emerges through local interactions among the participating firms, resulting in a bottom-up emergence of structure.
While the understanding of management in networks is currently limited, we can pose some implications that affect management in networks. The ability to manage and develop relationships with other firms in a network can be seen as a core competence of a firm. This core competence influences the firm’s position in, and profit from a network. “On short, relationship and network management is about managing interactions with others, not about managing others,” (Ritter et al., 2004).
The level of management in a network is disputed. Ritter et al. (2004) suggests that management of networks to a small extent can be possible. A frequent question is whether a firm should try to manage its network, or try managing in its network. The difference is the amount of influence the firm should exercise in the network, or if a firm should take the reactive or proactive role in the network. Ritter et al. (2004) shows the concept of power for one actor over another and how this power influences the relationship. The essence is that the more perceived power the firms have the better the relationship between these two actors. If both companies have strong perceived power over the other it is a mutual relationship.
Möller and Rajala (2007) says that one of the fundamental shifts in the 21st century is from a dyadic perspective of interorganizational exchange relationships towards a network perspective of value creation involving different types of network organizations. This, in the light of Ritter et al. (2004), arguments for a model where networks of organizations and network organization are the two opposites in regards to influence and control in industrial networks. Here networks of organisations are weakly manageable, while network organization are argued to have to be managed to be effective.
The aspect of control varies from network to network. In some networks a firm wants a high level of control. High levels of control in a network gives the firm a central role, it becomes a ‘hub firm’. In networks where hub firms are present these firms can to some extent choose its partners and direct the way relationships operate. When a firm can control all other actors in the network it is a monopolist.
When comparing the two ways of influencing a network, except control or not, Ritter et al. (2004) argues that firms are not in total control over their resources as other actors influence or restrict actions taken by a given firm. In this context a key resource is the ability to manage relationships in a network. To develop a networking ability that enables firms to connect their resources to those of other actors is seen as a challenge for managers. As part of a continuous process within network relations are dyadic and cross-relational management tasks (Ritter et al., 2004).
After discussing issues of management in networks Ritter et al. (2004) pose some propositions. The propositions describe aspects of management in networks. These propositions are important when strategizing in industrial networks, as all the managerial decisions affect the position of firm in relation to the other actors in a network. In short, decisions of management decide the success of a firm, and to some extent the successfulness of networks in which the firm participates.

Håkansson, H., & Snehota, I. (1989). No business is an island: the network concept of business strategy. Scandinavian journal of management, 5(3), 187-200.

Möller, K., & Rajala, A. (2007). Rise of strategic nets — New modes of value creation. Industrial marketing management, 36(7), 895-908.

Ritter, T., Wilkinson, I. F., & Johnston, W. J. (2004). Managing in complex business networks. Industrial Marketing Management, 33(3), 175-183.

-- add last ref, paper in binder. 
