====Part1 (Describe the models conformity to these statements.)
A: Actors that develop or have to relate to (parts of) the model. Can be persons or tools.
    
L: What can be expressed in the modeling language
    
M: What is expressed in the model

D: What can be expressed about the domain (area of interest)

K: The explicit knowledge of the participating persons

I: What the persons in the audience interpret the model to say
	The model can be interpreted as a stand-alone course overview model. 
	A model that describes course dependencies, and the belonging exercise program. 
	And the people connected to the course. 
	 
T: What relevant tools interpret the model to say

G: The goals of the modeling

====Part2
	#improve the model(do changes to the ecore diagram, nothing else.)
   		Updated with reference between person and answer. Group removed from answer.  
	#Write a discussion about the possitive and negative sides of the changes to the model. 
		The most obvious of the positive sides is that persons are linked to answers. 
		So it's easier to go from a particular answer to a person. 
		We also removed the group field in the answer because it's unnecessary. 
		The group information should, if necessary at all, be stored in the person. 
		The placement of a group field can be discussed widely as there is no best place to have it. 
		A negative side is that we have a recursive reference model. 
		You can go from one entity to another to another without going back to the previous one.  
		Overall we think that the model conforms well with the quality framework, 
		and provides a simple but sufficient model. 
			

===========TASK DESCRIPTION. 

In this assignment, you are to evaluate the quality of the domain model you created in assignment 1. 
Be aware that the model is expected to be used in a model-driven process, that means, 
the model will be used for subsequent purposes, like data creation, DSL definition, 
code generation and etc. Your tasks are: 

1,  Use the SEQUAL model describing the different sets and  evaluate the quality of your 
domain model in assignment 1 according to the   framework. Report this  in a text file.

2,  Improve the domain model according to the findings in part 1. 
You should export the project and submit the .zip file. 
Indicate in the text file what changes has been done and how quality has been improved. 
Discuss if this has gone on the account of other quality types, and the trade-off you have done in this regard.
