
we can make assumptions

Structure: 
organization stuck with what is necessary. 
we can make emphasis on specific parts of the from/strategy/report. 

can rearrange the structure to have a better flow. but all elements must be covered. 

define words at the first use. 

make the pages work harder. 

this is a point of the framework, it applies to this. 


part 1
may concepts to analyse the company. more analytical language.

part 2
recommendations. 
make the analysis fit the recommendations. 
a more suggesting language. 
be realistic. 

The voice of the report: Norbit will also read the report, in addition to the lecturer and the student assistant.
analytical usually third person.  
---

Part 1: 
use part 1 to support part 2. 

page allocation. 

#mission and vision. 
vision and mission: save space by using the model from lecture that is already used. 
put the data to fit the framework. 

take out parts that are repetitive. 

State the model, summarise the model, summarise the data. 
set apart own opinions. 

p2: don't expose ourselves to other opinions. definition of strategy not necessary here. 

have ideas for part 2 in part 1. move stuff to part 2.  

hr. could be stated in part 1. after analysis, and link it in part 2. 
BHAGs?. use more of the models described in the lectures. Shrink the part and make the pages work harder.  
Stake holder stock holder. reference to the lectures of where norbit stands. 


##Business level strategy
Focus on its and subsea should be stated in the introduction. 

Strategy from the inside out, or the outside in. 
Wring analysis? state why. 

subsea, leaks detection industry. 
the five forces. More frameworks

Sum up with a SWOT. (two possible swots.its, subsea)

explain choice of divisions in introduction.

##corporate level.
Principles and core values should be described under mission. 

bcg matrix. more models. 
issue of corporate configuration. 


## network level
Lots to ref of Haakanson book. make sure it is the correct one. 

where is norbit now, and where do we suggest that they move?. 

focal network and horizon. 

triads. cite the reference for triads and how it is done. 


Part2:
don't miss part 2b. 
limit idea to options. Help the company prioritize what strategy to choose. 
small changes vs big changes. 

balance score card. research and build on it. do it for the different business units. 
spend time to cover part 2. 

Before delivery, make sure that all mandatory elements are present. 

check all the subtitles, so we cover everything.     

proofreading is important. 
um up every section so that the transition to part 2 is good and smooth. 

ABSTRACT! why, how, what. not a summary, but short description of our results.    

make the application of frameworks explicit. 

